>> Kyle Simpson: We're
gonna jump into exercise 4.
This one is, it's again the same running
example here where still working with our
work log but
now we're gonna add a new feature to it.
The ReadMe fully describes this so I
really strongly encourage you to read it,
don't skip over it, but let me just
describe to you what you're doing.
If you type out a certain
length description
that is longer than the min length.
I think it's 20 characters or
whatever it is.
If you type out a longer
description into the box and
you add it to your little work log,
you'll notice that it dot, dot, dots it.
It truncates it, right?
What we now wanna do is make it so
that those little truncated, those little
shortened descriptions, if you click on
the shortened description, it expands it.
And the way I want you to solve this,
is I want you to solve it with closure.
I want you to attach a click handler
to that actual description element,
to that dom element, that remembers
the long form of the description,
even though you've only put
the shortened form into the dom element.
And when that click handler fires,
it should update the text
to the longer description.
>> Kyle Simpson: Those details
are described in the ReadMe.
Don't get worried if that sounds crazy.
That's literally about five lines of code,
so it's not a complex thing at all.
But I just wanna show you this example
of using closure to your advantage.